Tic Tac Toe Machine Learning Program

This is a homebrew algorithm, here's how it works. It takes the board and takes each of the locations of a move ('X' being 1, 'O' being -1, nothing on the location being 0), and maps them to a location in space. It then finds the distance between the current board's state, and the next closest board state that it knows, and will find all the closest board states. Once the algorithm finds all the closest board states, if there are multiple that are the same distance from the current board state, it will chose one randomly based on the amount of times that board state shows up. For example, if board state 'A' is shown 5 times, and board state 'B' is shown once, board state 'A' will have 5 chances to be chosen, and board state 'B' will have one chance. 

Once each game is finished, the program takes the moves made by the winner, and places them in its known move list. If this list is longer than 1000, it will remove some to make room. I do this so that it will only have a specific amount of memory that is ever going to be used, and will not slow down significantly while in use. 

How to use:
  On the right, you will see the program learning against a very similar program. The board on the right will update every frame, so it may be hard to see what's happening. On the left, you can see the board, the AI will move first at all times to keep things simple for itself. You can make a move by clicking on the square you would like to make your move in. 



Details on Program:
  The class "Point" refers to a point in space, and the board state of the game. We can manipulate the point by inverting and getting the rotation of the board, as any rotation will be the same mechanically in game. We can also get the "distance" between two points, meaning how similar/close the boards are. We also have the move that was made saved in point. These together will help with the construction of the ML agent later in the program.

  The class "Board" could also be called a game object, as it handles all the input and output for the game with the help from static functions. The Board class can make moves with the move command, get the move number (the number of moves that has been made), get the inverted board state, swap the active player, see if and who wins, and check for any more legal moves. 

  The static functions mentioned previously are getInput, drawO, drawX, checkPlayerBoard, drawAITiles, drawTiles, and drawBoard. GetInput simply sees if the mouse was clicked, and if so, choses the move based off of where your cursor is. DrawO and drawX take an x,y coordinate and map it to be drawn on the screen with either an O or X respectively. CheckPlayerBoard checks the the user's board to see if there is a winner, if no winner and it's the AI's turn, the AI will take its turn, rather quickly, so it may be hard to see. This function also adds to the AI's memory, giving it more information to work with in the future. DrawAITiles draws the moves on the right side of the screen, while drawTiles draws the moves on the left side of the screen for the user's game. DrawBoard draws the lines to the board, and calls drawAITiles and drawTiles to draw everything on the screen at once to avoid overlap and potential visual bugs and loss of information on display reset. 

  The AI class holds a lot of information, it holds "winning points," a list of all the points that were in games previous that won the game, "point" which is the current board state, "lastPoint" which is the last board state known, and "allPoints" which holds its memory of all the games before*. The AI has a few things it can doe, it can get the best move it knowns by calling getMoveNum, it can read the board by calling setPoint, it can add a point to its memory with addPoint. It can get the last point by calling getLastPoint, add winning points with addWinPoint, and if there is no best move, getRandomMove will return a random legal move. 
\*holds all memory up to 1000 points 

  Before the main game loop, we setup the screen's width and height for use in the draw functions. Initiate pygame and its display. Start the clock and create the font, then create the text using the font. It'll also set colors for reference at this time, including green, black, blue, red, and white. We now start the two AI objects, create the board for the player and the AI's, and lastly a list of player points and a counter for each ai to determine win ratios. 

  The main game loop has two steps, it first gets the AI board's game and runs it, then focuses on the player's board. It gets the input, if any, from the active player for both boards, checks the board for a winner, and swaps players. If the player board has a winner, it will stop the screen so you have time to see, and continue a couple seconds later. If a board has won, it will let the AI take in the points from the board, and then reset the board for the next game. After all of this, the program will check if the escape key has been pressed. If it has, it will close the program, giving a way to close the program without having to go into a settings system and find how to close the game. 
